hey everyone welcome to this which is
the first video
in an eight part series which is all
about communication tips for
leaders so why am i making this eight
part series
well i came across a statistic that is
really
shocking and that is more than 90
of employees say that their leaders lack
communication skills this is especially
surprising when we consider that
leaders are often the ones we think of
as being the best communicators or at
least they should be
yet more than 9 out of 10 employees say
that their leaders aren't effective
communicators and that's
problematic so what makes me qualified
to give these tips
to you a leader who is looking to be a
better communicator to your employees
well first off i have been a member of
my local toastmasters club for six years
and throughout that time i've learned a
lot about effective public speaking
and capturing an audience's attention
and that is going to be the focus of
part of this series
but beyond that i have been an employee
for
re max of western canada which is the
regional head office for all re max
associates in western canada
and in that corporate environment i've
had the pleasure of working with some
great leaders and i've noticed
some effective communication skills they
use
and also through that job i've launched
a podcast called the re max
hustle podcast and i've had the
opportunity to chat to
industry leaders who are really known
for their communication skills
and some of their tips that they told me
in those interviews are going to be
introduced to you through this series so
if this is content you think
will be interesting for you to grow as a
leader make sure you subscribe to my
channel because that is the focus of my
channel
impactful communication and definitely
watch the other videos
in this playlist to learn how to be a
more effective leader
and a more effective communicator